Uptime Monitoring Docs Updates (#12501)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/pricing/index.mdx

- **Quota Reuse Limitations**:
  - Only available **within the same billing period**.
  - Applies to cron monitors that were previously active and billed.
- **Reusable Quota Does Not Carry Over**:
  - Reusable quota **does not carry over** to new billing periods.

</Alert>

**Cron Monitors Across Billing Periods:**

- Cron monitors remain active across billing periods if you have sufficient **reserved quota** or **PAYG budget**.
- Cron monitors may be automatically deactivated if there's insufficient budget.
- Cron monitors that have been manually deactivated or deleted remain in that state.

| Team PAYG | Business PAYG |
| ---------- | -------------- |
| $0.7800000 | $0.7800000     |

#### Uptime Monitors Pricing

> All Sentry plans include **one uptime monitor**. To activate additional uptime monitors, set up a **Pay-As-You-Go (PAYG) budget**. Additional uptime monitors can't be purchased in advance; they are only available through your PAYG budget, which can be shared across all event types.

Author: I left it here to be consistent with whats in Crons. Lets leave it for now since its close in context here.

**Key Points:**

- **Deactivating or Deleting Uptime Monitors**:

>   - Deactivated or deleted uptime monitors will **count** towards your billing quota if they were previously active in the current billing period. Otherwise, they won't count towards your billing quota.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Deactivated or deleted uptime monitors will **count** towards your billing quota only if they were previously active in the current billing period.
```

  - Their quota becomes **reusable** within the **same billing period**.
- **Activating Uptime Monitors**:
  - Sentry first uses any **reusable quota** from uptime monitors deactivated or deleted in the current billing period.
  - If none is available, your **reserved quota** or **PAYG budget** is used.

<Alert>

**Important:**

- **Quota Reuse Limitations**:
  - Only available **within the same billing period**.
  - Applies to uptime monitors that were previously active and billed.
- **Reusable Quota Does Not Carry Over**:
  - Reusable quota **does not carry over** to new billing periods.

</Alert>

**Uptime Monitors Across Billing Periods:**

- Uptime monitors remain active across billing periods if you have sufficient **reserved quota** or **PAYG budget**.
- Uptime monitors may be automatically deactivated if there's insufficient budget.
- Uptime monitors that have been manually deactivated or deleted remain in that state.

| Team PAYG | Business PAYG |
| ---------- | -------------- |

> | $0.7800000 | $0.7800000     |

Reviewer 2: Pricing should be $1.25
